Hey folks, in this video we are going to
cover time series databases. Time series
databases are super cool and super
interesting. In some sense they are
hypers specialized for a very specific
type of writing and reading patterns
that occur not infrequently in
production. Now as it relates to system
design interviews, you don't often see
time series databases for two reasons.
One is that interviewers aren't
uniformly familiar with time scale or
influx DB and secondly that time series
databases have a pretty narrow
application. There are actually a bunch
of places where you might think hey I'll
use a time series database but it
doesn't actually work for non-intuitive
reasons. So in this video we are going
to go deep to explain how they work
under the covers so that you'll be able
to separate those cases that it works
and those cases that it doesn't work.
The other benefit to us going deep on
time series databases is they're
comprised of a bunch of relatively
simple ideas that when put together make
very powerful systems. In the worst
case, you're going to get a bunch of
interesting tools for your toolbox that
might come in handy for some of your
system designs. We are going to cover a
lot of ground in this video, but if you
prefer in a written format, I will
include in the description a link to the
article on our website where you can
read through some similar content that
covers the same ground. Also on
hello.com, you can find common problem
breakdowns for system design interviews,
other technologies, patterns that are
going to be relevant, basically
everything that you need as a software
engineer to help get you ready for your
interviews. and also we've had a lot of
users tell us to help you improve as an
engineer afterwards. So definitely go
check it out if you get a chance. Let's
start with an example that should be
familiar to most engineers. Let's
pretend we maintain a fleet of servers
and we're a big company like Airbnb or
Meta. So we've got say 100,000 servers
and every few seconds we can choose a
frequency let's just say 10. Those
servers are reporting their CPU
utilization, their memory, their disk IO
to some central service or database. And
we want to store this information so
that we can answer questions. This might
be the on call engineer asking what's
the load on my web servers or it might
be someone in finance who's trying to
project how many servers we're going to
need in the next year. This could also
be a higher frequency query pattern
where maybe an alerting system is
constantly asking, did the load on any
of my web servers exceed 80%. And if so,
I need to go kick off some alarm. So,
we've got this really interesting box
that we need to go and build. Now, if
you're a brand new engineer, you might
be thinking to yourself, I know what
I'll do. I'll put a database in here.
And so, maybe we can put my SQL into
this box. And we're going to need to
define some sort of table structure. So
maybe we will create a table called
metrics. We'll have a column for the
timestamp. That might be just a
timestamp type column. We'll have the
host that's reporting it. This will be
the server name. We'll have some sort of
metric name. So this might be CPU or
memory. And then we'll have the value.
This could be a double. This could be a
an integer column. Kind of doesn't
matter. But this could represent our
data. And so the big question is like
why does this not work? And this doesn't
work for three reasons. The first reason
is we've got a lot of write volume
that's happening here. So with our
100,000 servers, we are including five
metrics. So we've got CPU, memory,
input, output, and network. And then
we're doing that every 10 seconds. So in
this case, we are doing 50,000 writes
per second in kind of the the best case.
This is assuming these servers are all
evenly spreading out their metric
reporting. And that's not a very good
assumption. We might do some randomness
here. That would be pretty sensible to
avoid lining up. But the worst case
scenario would be all of those servers
report their metrics at the exact same
time. And in that case, we have to
handle 500,000 writes per second. So
this is bad. In general, relational
databases usually cap out around 10,000
writes per second. Now, of course, we
could shard this. We could have one
MySQL instance that was just CPU and one
for memory and one for I/IO, but that's
kind of impractical. It's pretty
expensive already. The next problem that
we have is this metrics table isn't very
efficient with storage. Basically, this
time stamp column is several bytes. The
host name is quite large. Maybe it can
be a pointer to a string table, so we
can save some memory, but by default,
most relational databases aren't going
to do that. Our metric name similarly
needs to be some sort of string. And our
value if it's a double is going to be
eight bytes. And so quickly with this
50,000 writes per second, we're going to
have 50,000 rows being generated. We are
going to start to accumulate billions of
records into our database. Now that's
not necessarily a problem. Relational
databases can store this data. They use
diskbased mechanisms, but it's
expensive. It is certainly not the most
optimal way to store this. And the last
problem is somewhat of a deal breaker.
When we want to go and query what's the
load on my servers, we can write SQL
queries. So we could say go select, you
know, average of value from metrics
where uh metric name is equal to CPU.
And that would tell us what's the load
on my web servers. But the problem is it
would need to go and look at billions of
rows in order to answer that question.
And so very quickly these queries
instead of returning in milliseconds
which we would love are taking many
minutes. And if we're doing this really
frequently we are also wasting CPU and
resources that need to be used by this
massive number of writes per second. So
basically a relational database is not
the best solution for this problem and
this is the genesis for time series
databases. So we really have three
problems that we need to tackle. We need
to support massive amounts of writes
that are happening at high frequency. We
need an efficient way to store this data
so that way we're not wasting a bunch of
space. And then we need a way of storing
this so that we can answer queries very
quickly of the style. Usually filtering
by some sort of criteria and then taking
an average or getting a full time series
over a period. Time series databases are
optimal in those cases where we're
looking at a one particular or a few
time series and trying to make sense of
them. So how can we do this? Well,
there's a number of tricks that we can
employ in order to solve each of these
problems. And I want to talk about each
of these tricks in isolation before we
come back to pull this all together and
talk about what the solution is for the
majority of time series databases. The
first thing that we need to address if
we want high write performance is we
need to avoid random accesses of memory.
Computer architecture is built such that
contiguous blocks of memory are the unit
of currency. If we need to go and grab a
random piece of memory from RAM or from
disk, things are very slow. Let me talk
about how this works on a hard disk
really quick so you can understand the
physical architecture and then we can
talk about how appendon storage prevents
us from having to make these random
reads and writes. So, a spinning hard
disk looks a bit like this. It's a big
circle of magnetic platters. They're
usually stacked one on top of the other.
And then there is an arm here that is
basically reading. It has a read head
from this disc. And what happens if I
need to grab data from across the disc
is this arm actually moves across the
platter. So, this allows me to target
basically different circles of these
spinning platters. The platters are
spinning very fast. Most hard discs are
somewhere between 10,000 and 15,000 RPM.
But moving this arm is not a fast
operation. Even though hard discs have
been optimized to hell, most hard discs
aren't going to be able to do more than
100 to 200 different seek operations per
second, which is basically when we need
to move this arm. And so what you
typically see as a result of this and
this idea applies to solid state discs
as well. Although it's not a physical
arm that's moving. It's a consequence of
how basically each of the memory modules
is laid out. It will always be faster to
read contiguous blocks is that you want
to avoid these seek operations. So the
worst case scenario if we want fast
write performance is we have something
like this where when we go to write our
first item we write it to this location
and then when it comes time to write our
second item it's actually on a different
part of the disk. We need to move the
ARM or seek inside of our disc before we
can start that write operation. And then
for our third item we have to do the
same thing. This also applies for the
reads for what it's worth. We don't want
to have to do that seek on the read side
either. Uh what is much faster is
instead having all of this memory be
contiguous. So my first block that I
write, I write to the location at where
my head is right now. And then I keep
moving that arm across the platter until
I get to the second location. And I can
start writing uh bites there. and then I
keep moving along into the third uh
location. I'm basically avoiding all of
these seek operations. Now, what does
this look like in practice? How do I
make sequential writes to disk? Well,
the way to do this is to utilize
appendon storage. If instead of making
edits and updates that might require me
to go and move around inside of memory
and find that second item and read it
and then change it and then write it
again. Instead, I'm only going to be
just writing, and I'm going to forget
about what I wrote before because I'm
only going to keep adding to the
storage. This allows me to take maximum
advantage of the right throughput of my
underlying hardware, but it makes it a
little bit more complicated. If I do my
rights like this in an appendon fashion,
how do I organize my data? How can I
make sure that I can read it back in an
efficient and fast way? Well, that
brings us to our next section. Some of
you are probably jumping out of your
seat saying LSM trees, LSM trees. And
you're totally right. The solution here
if we want to maintain some organization
of our data is basically to keep a
buffer where we can organize small
portions of our data or segments of our
data before we write it to the disk. So,
how does an LSM tree work? Well,
typically what happens is when you have
an incoming write, the first thing that
goes on is we we take that write and we
try to flush it to disk in as raw form
as possible. We want to make sure that
we keep track of that, right? And once
we've written it to something like a
write ahead log, then we can tell our
users, hey, we've received it. We're not
going to forget about it. If our system
crashes after we've written to the write
ahead log, but before we've done some
processing, we can always recover and
then read from our write ahead log to
figure out what did we miss? What was it
that we wrote to disk right after we got
it, but actually wasn't incorporated
into the data structures that actually
represent our database. After we've
written to the write ahead log, we're
going to write to an in-memory structure
that is typically referred to as a mem
table. And the idea behind a mem table
is it's like a staging area for ranks. A
mem table gives us the opportunity to do
things like sorting and organizing the
data. If we want to go and create
indexes on individual components, like
if we wanted to have an index on the
tags that were associated with our data,
we'll get back to this in a minute. We
can do that before or during the
creation of this in-memory data
structure. But this is when things are
malleable and fluid in our mem table. If
we want to reorder things so that way
the sorting is maintained or if we
wanted to delete things, we can do that
in the mem table. But once these items
either become big enough or once enough
time has passed, we're going to want to
persist these or flush them to our disk.
So each of those mem tables will be
written into segments. And these
segments are basically contiguous
sequential representations of these mem
tables. They basically are the units
that we're now working with on disk. The
idea behind log structure merge trees is
basically we give ourselves some time to
organize the data, but we're always
writing it in the same appendon fashion,
one segment after another. The only
exception to this is something that is
sometimes called compaction where we
might go and look at two segments and
say, "Hey, it would actually be
beneficial if these two segments were
merged together." In that case, an
offline process will read segment one.
It'll read segment two. It'll write a
third segment that is the combination of
the first two. And then it will earmark
these guys and say, "Hey, they've been
deleted." Or we might create some
additional entry that tells our system
that we should ignore those previous
segments. But this compaction doesn't
take place on the critical ride path. It
takes place in an offline setting where
we have more data to work with and we
can make sense of whether segments ought
to be combined or destroyed or other
things that might need to happen. But
log structured merge trees give us the
best of both worlds. It gives us the
appendon sequential write performance
that we desire, but it also gives us a
chance to organize the data on disk so
that we can start to think about how
we're going to read it back. Now I'm
handwaving a bit around the middle
section here. What's going on in these
mem tables? How are we organizing our
data before we write it such that it is
more optimal for our time series use
cases? Let's talk a little bit about
what that looks like. One of the most
important things that we can be doing in
memory for a time series database is
finding out some compressed way to
represent the information both a to save
on storage but b to facilitate fast
lookups. Let's talk about the storage
for just a second. So when we have time
series data, we typically have what are
called series. And these are values that
are observations taken at specific
times. And so maybe I have a temperature
gauge set up outside my house. And every
10 seconds I pull that temperature gauge
and then write it into my database. Now
I've got a bunch of timestamps for when
I did that and then the value which is
the associated temperature. If you look
at this naively, how would this data be
represented? Well, each of these time
stamps would need to be an int. So, four
bytes per and then each of these values
could be a float or a double, maybe four
or eight bytes depending upon the
architecture in the system. So, we're
using quite a lot of data to store this
and the question is well can we do
better? And the answer is is yes. One of
the simplest approaches that we can do
is what's called delta encoding. And the
idea behind delta encoding is pretty
simple. For a lot of time series data,
the values are not going to change
dramatically from observation to
observation.
Maybe I drop that temperature sensor,
you know, into a bucket of water just to
test its calibration, and I clearly want
to know about that when it happens. But
for the most part, this isn't going to
move a whole lot. So instead of storing
the raw values which is kind of the
series that I have here, what I can do
is store the difference from the
previous observation. So my first
observation was 56.7.
We'll just take an implicit zero as the
null observation. So my first delta is
56.7. From zero, it goes up. My next
observation is 58.4.
That's a difference of 1.7 from 56.7. So
instead, I'm just going to store plus
1.7. If I wanted to know what the value
is, I need to go for find the previous
value and add 1.7 to it in order to
recover. But you'll note that this delta
encoded series is substantially smaller.
And if you know anything about how
computers represent numbers, the smaller
the number is, the less bytes that are
required for us to store it. So maybe
instead of taking eight bytes for us to
go store a double length value, maybe we
are only using two or one bite to store
each element of this delta encoded
sequence. Now tricks like delta encoding
can be applied kind of recursively. One
observation here is that timestamps are
pretty big. These are integers. They're
four bytes long for seconds. And we are
typically taking these observations on a
really regular cadence. For my my
temperature gauge outside, I'm doing
this every 10 seconds. So if I went
through that first step of doing delta
encoding, I would end up with a sequence
like this. That would be 10 10 10 10.
And using that same logic, we can look
at the delta of the deltas that we have.
The first delta of deltas is the
difference between my null value and my
first delta. That's 10. And then every
subsequent delta of deltas is just the
difference between these two. So this is
0 0. What you see here is a sequence
that is very easy to compress. Facebook
has a famous gorilla paper about a
monitoring system that they had built.
And what they noticed is that these
timestamps could often be represented
with as much as or on average a single
bit that these zeros are very
compressible and substantially more
compressible than the 32 bits that I
need to store the raw timestamps. So in
memory I can take data as long as I have
access to previous observations and come
up with a substantially more efficient
representation of the data before I go
and flush it to disk. Now while storing
compressed time series data is clearly
really important to a time series
database, it's not the only trick that
we use before we write to disk. Another
thing that we can take advantage of is
that when we're about to flush to disk,
we can store some metadata alongside the
batch of data that we're about to write
that will help us when it comes time to
read. To give you an example of of how
this might work, imagine that I'm
storing server monitoring data. And the
use case that frequently comes up for
this is I log into Graphfana and I want
to look at the last 8 hours of say
request volume to figure out whether the
web servers are failing because my
requests have skyrocketed. It's Black
Friday or something else is going on. So
when I make that query for the last 8
hours, the worst case scenario would be
I have to read all of the data in my
database in order to answer it. That's
clearly intractable. So timebased
partitioning works pretty simply. When
we are writing data, we're typically
writing a range of times. Maybe we're
writing all of the data for yesterday,
which happens to be the 29th on my side.
Or maybe we're writing data for today.
And when we're writing this data, we can
store the interval that is contained. So
when I want to go query the last 8 hours
of data and today is the 30th, I know
that I only need to query data that was
written which contains the last 8 hours.
I don't need to read from files that I
wrote yesterday because they can't
possibly contain data that is relevant
for me. That's timebased partitioning in
a nutshell. And this idea extends beyond
just time. Imagine that I wanted instead
of looking at all requests along across
my web servers, I wanted to look at
requests that were being received by
host one. If I wrote to separate files
or separate parts of files,
hosts one and two versus three and four,
then I know that if I want the data for
host one, I don't need to read the data
from the file that contains host three
and four. So the more metadata that I
can store that might be relevant for
filtering, the more likely I am to have
a speed up on the query side when I can
ignore data that's not relevant for my
query. A final example of this block
level metadata would be to store the min
and max of a time series. Let's pretend
I want to know when errors spike, but
errors are generally hovering around
zero. If I only look at files where the
max is greater than zero, then I can
ignore all those files that definitely
don't have any errors occurring. So this
same idea applies also the values
themselves. That's the idea behind block
level metadata in query planning. Now
when I have this metadata, sometimes it
can get big. If I'm recording monitoring
for a fleet of a 100,000 hosts, the
worst case scenario would be that I have
a gigantic list of the hosts that are
contained in a specific file. Maybe I
have a 100,000 entries. And when I want
to decide whether I need to read from
that particular file or that particular
block, I need to read all of those hosts
and then filter down to only the hosts
that I care about. Another way for me to
store this data is using a bloom filter.
A bloom filter is a special data
structure which works like a set except
a set will tell us whether an item is in
the set or out of the set. A bloom
filter will tell us the item is
definitely not in the set or it might be
in the set. It's a probabilistic data
structure, but it saves space in that it
requires 10 to 100 times less space than
the equivalent hash set. And so if we're
storing host information in our metadata
and we're constantly doing queries that
test whether a block contains a given
host, it may actually be the case that
we should store the hosts as a bloom
filter and then we can ask the bloom
filter does this file contain the host
that I'm looking for and the bloom
filter will either say definitely no in
which case we can ignore that file file
or it'll say maybe it might be here in
which case we'll have to read the file
in order to find out whether it actually
contained it. That would be another
optimization we could employ here. The
last optimization that we can consider
on the right side is downsampling. Often
times when we have telemetry data, we're
recording it all the time. Maybe I have
CPU information that's recorded every 10
seconds, but it's very unlikely that I
need to look at the 10second granularity
of data 1 year ago. So most time series
databases are going to have some sort of
downsampling functionality where I can
say if the data is older than a week, I
only care about a minute grain. And if
it's older than a month, maybe I only
care about the hour grain. That means
I'm storing a lot less data and it also
means my queries are going to be
tremendously faster because I don't need
to pull all the data. It's not as
granular. It's not as accurate, but it's
going to be more economical and more
performant. And the way that this works
in most time series databases is we are
going to write the granular data to our
disk and then periodically we're going
to read that data down sample it either
randomly or interpolation and then write
new data that represents that down
sample data and then often times
deleting the old data in its place so
that way we can only use the new data.
All of these approaches are basically
going to enable us to have faster reads
by taking on some of the work up front
as we're writing to disk so that the
data is stored in a more optimal fashion
that allows us to read more quickly. Now
that we've covered some of the
underlying tricks, let's talk about how
we can use them to construct a time
series database. For a time series
database, the data often times looks
like this. We've got some sort of metric
name and associated tags for a data
point. Those tags can really be
anything. If this was a server fleet, it
might be host names and regions. If
these were sensors, we might have a
model number and a serial number for the
sensor. But these tags are really
important because these are going to be
the ways that we can filter down the
data. So choosing the right tags or at
least including the right tags is going
to be really important if we want to
slice and dice our data. For each metric
name and associated tags, we're going to
have a set of fields. You might think of
the fields as a single value, a scalar
value. Maybe this is the CPU usage for
that server at this particular time. But
you could also include other fields if
you wanted that additional data. Maybe
we don't only want the aggregate CPU
across the server. Maybe we also want to
record the per core CPU usage. Maybe
that's somehow useful to us. Finally,
and most importantly, we need a
timestamp associated with each data
point. So the real data will look
something like this where we have metric
names and a set of tags, a value or a
field and timestamps that are flooding
in often times at millions of entries
per second. All of this data is going to
stream over to my time series database.
And the first thing that's going to
happen in my time series database is I'm
going to write it to my write ahead log.
Basically I'm going to push it to disk.
So if my server crash, I can go and
retrieve it from that write- ahead log
and make sure that I'm actually able to
query it later. After I've written to my
write- ahead log, then I'm going to
start to build my internal in-memory
data structures. And one of the most
important aspects of that in-memory data
structure is organizing all these data
points in order by series. So each time
I have a data point with a unique metric
name and set of tags, I'm going to have
a unique series. It's possible for my
data to come out of order. Maybe I've
got a timestamp from one server that
comes in slightly later, but the
timestamp is actually earlier than data
that I received from another server. So,
I want to keep all of these data points
sorted in memory keyed by whatever tags
and metric name that I have available.
That's going to represent my series. On
occasion, I'm going to flush that out to
disk and that will be configurable by
the database. I might do this when the
file grows to a gigabyte. I might do
this once a day. I can choose when I
want to write this out to disk. But when
I write to disk, then we're going to go
employ some of the compression and
encoding that we had talked about
earlier. For each series, which is now
my ordered data points, I'm going to
encode them in whatever way is
appropriate. So maybe I'll encode my
timestamps using delta of deltas. And
then I might encode my actual value
series using Exor or some sort of delta
encoding. And I'm going to write those
values into the the file. The file is
also going to store some sort of index.
And that index is going to tell me which
of these series is associated with what
tags and metric names. This is basically
like a lookup table. So I know where to
get the data that's going to be relevant
for the queries that I have. Now when it
comes to query time, you might have a
specialized query language. So like
Prometheus has PromQL or we might have
an API that can be used but these
queries are going to specify filtering
criteria and then maybe operations that
we perform on the series. So if we get a
query like this where we are trying to
get the mean CPU usage for servers in US
west in prod between two time points the
first thing that we're going to do is
find out which data files are relevant
for those times. So we only need to look
at a subset of all the files that we've
written to disk. If we're only looking
at the time over the last couple days we
don't need to pull something from last
year. In each of those files, we're
immediately going to go to the index and
try to figure out which series or blocks
are going to be relevant for the query.
In this case, since my region is US West
and my environment is prod, I can go and
look at each of these and try to figure
out whether it applies. So the first one
does, so I need to include block zero or
series 1. The second one does too, so I
have to include block one. The the third
entry here is in US East, so that
doesn't apply. So I don't even need to
read this data. And the last block,
block three, is my staging environment.
So I also don't need to read that data.
So my next step is to go look at the
blocks that apply. That's block zero and
block one. I'm going to go need to load
up the timestamps and the values. I'll
need to decompress or decode these
values because they're stored in a
compressed way. I'm going to do that as
I read them off. And then I'm going to
do any post-processing on that. So if I
wanted the mean of the values here, then
I'm going to take all of those values,
average them, and then return them back
to my user. What we've described is the
happy path of a time series database.
We're basically exploiting the time
series nature of the data, storing the
data in contiguous blocks on disk and
then including relevant indexes so we
can make our queries really fast. All of
this sounds really great and you might
think well there's a lot of ways that I
can represent my data as a time series.
As one example let's pretend that we
wanted to store likes data in this way.
When a user likes a post, maybe I will
set the value equals one for the like
that happened at that moment by that
user and that post ID. Can I use a time
series database now to answer questions
like can I look at likes over time for a
specific post? And this comes back to
the cardality assumptions of the tags
that we have for a given data point. How
does this start to break in our time
series database? Well, when we receive
the right and write it to the write
ahead log, we don't have any problems
because we've stored the data as simple
as possible. But when we start to go to
our mem table, here's where we start to
see the cracks because remember, we're
storing data in our mem table according
to each of the series. And a series is a
unique metric name and set of tags
associated. So we're now going to have
one series for every user post
combination. We are going to have
trillions of series. Maybe those don't
all happen all at once. Um maybe over a
few seconds in our me table, we'll only
see millions, but we're already
straining the the model. when we go to
flush to disk now we have to write
millions of series and we have millions
of entries in our index which is going
to be terrible. And then finally when we
go to actually do our query we have deep
looks into very large indexes and we
need to accumulate across billions of
series in order to materialize our final
time series. So the problem with time
series databases often deals with the
cardality or the number of unique values
for the series that we're recording.
It's really important that we include in
our tags and in our data anything that
we might want to filter by. But there
are some fundamental limitations to all
that we can include. If we include
identifiers that have a lot of unique
values, that means we're going to have a
lot of series and that's going to break
our execution and storage model. So,
time series databases work really well
when we want to pull data from one or a
small number of series and do some
operations and querying against it. It
doesn't really work when the number of
series grows into the millions or
billions. At that point, you're going to
want to use a more general purpose
solution like Postgress, Reddus, etc.
All right, we've covered a lot of ground
here, so I wanted to quickly summarize
before we wrap things up. We first
covered a bunch of tricks that are
necessary to make time series databases
effective. First of all, we covered
appendon storage and LSM trees which
really help us to deal with the high
write throughput that's required for
these systems. Secondly, we covered
delta encoding and compression which
basically allows us to optimize the disk
storage that's required. And finally, we
used a bunch of techniques to make the
queries faster from timebased
partitioning and bloom filters that
basically allow us to choose which parts
of which files so that we minimize the
amount of aggregate reading we need to
do in order to answer our users queries.
Then we talked a little bit about how
this is implemented under the covers
from receiving data and writing it to
individual files all the way through to
the queries that come in and how we read
indexes and load up series so that we
can answer those users queries. And
along the way we discovered a few
things. First of all, when we should
avoid time series databases like when
our input has really high cardality or
when we don't have an implicit timebased
filter or dimension which means that
time series databases end up being
applicable for those cases where we have
a small number of series queries
involving a time dimension and then
often aggregating or doing some
processing across time. These are
frequently places where we've got
measurements that are coming in from
external sensors or we're doing
telemetry. Those are both great cases
where you would use a time series
database. In terms of practical
applications, there are a bunch of time
series databases that are out there.
Prometheus is a very popular
observability backend and it has an
internal time series database that
allows you to aggregate metrics across a
fleet of servers. We'll probably talk
about it in a future deep dive. Time
scale is a Postgress extension which
allows Postgress to store time series
data in a more optimal format. I would
highly recommend it given how often we
are recommending Postgress in various
solutions. It's kind of a bolt-on
solution that allows you to extend
Postgress to the time series domain and
influx DB often times gets brought up as
another alternative if you have a time
series use case that's not metrics and
monitoring and then can't be solved with
a Postgress extension. That would be one
that you might look at. If you've got
any questions, feel free to visit the
article that we've got linked that may
be a little bit easier for you to
understand what's going on. Happy to
answer questions in the comments and
then always love your feedback. Thank
you for spending time with me today and
looking forward to the next video.